And The Last Lecture we had a look at.
Note Jason NPM and why it is great.
Now want to take a look at this web development server.
To be honest I don't want to have a look at this package.
It's pretty boring just contain some code to spin up a simple note.
JS server.
Wish we can of course do keep in mind.
No chairs a server side language.
But why do we need that.
Why don't we just double click on the T-Mo file and open it in the browser like this.
Well let's double click it to see the difference.
I'm in my project folder here and if I click this file it indeed opens it here.
But you see we have this you r l and then we have file to follow protocol here.
And we don't see anything.
If we open up the console we see that it fails to load to build TROCHILUS file.
Now the built touchiest file is present however and to import pauvres slash disks slash built or Che's
also is correct.
It simply fails to load this because this way of opening it is incorrect.
The file protocol just doesn't work the same SDH UDP protocol does.
Now we could fix this by not making this an absolute path but a relative one.
If we now reloaders you see it works but as soon as we try to navigate it again fails because now it
try to load this route which of course doesn't work.
That is why we need a development server.
The file protocol can only do one thing.
Load files on our local machine and it will fail as soon as we try to do something which is more web
server ish like navigating between different POVs.
Changing the part after the domain we don't have a domain here which has to have a path to a file so
anything which is connected to domain or to the or else will would not work.
If we want to dynamically fetch or load our script files that might also fail.
Sort of file protocol is really limited in what it is able to do and that is why we need to use D.H.
to DP protocol.
Now the HDP protocol can only target a server.
And this is why we need a development server.
So did we have some server handling our HTP requests and that is exactly what the weapon deaths are
or does it simply host wrap and is able to send it back to us to our client whenever we send the request
to the def server.